# Qualitative Peer/Self Evaluation

### Name: Pathmanathan, Amanda
### Team Number: 7

(1.) On a scale from 1(poor) to 5(great), please judge the overall performance of your team: 5

(2.) In the table below, identify a major strength of each of your group members in relation to the group’s goals and processes. Provide one concrete example to substantiate your answer. Include yourself!

| Group member's name | Strength | Example |
| ------------------- | -------- | ------- |
|Chen, JinJie|Arduino pro|coding algorithm |
|Dohmann, Adrian|Very strong in multiple areas|focusing on robot algorithm|
|Huaman, Kenneth|Analog Pro|designing and making successful op amp|
|Kehelella, Sanush|Verilog Pro|Code for mapping on the computer monitor|
|Pathmanathan, Amanda|Hardware Pro|Rewiring/reorganizing the robot, drilling, soldering|
|Sipani, Khyati|Very organized|always willing to learn, coding for fpga|

(3.) In the table below, identify a weakness of each of your group member’s in relation to the group’s process. Provide concrete examples to substantiate your answers. Include yourself!

| Group member’s name | Weakness | Example |
| ------------------- | -------- | ------- |
|Chen, JinJie|does not communicate well|not as willing to explain things, will proceed to do himself|
|Dohmann, Adrian|not as patient|may not be willing to listen to the ideas of others, etc.|
|Huaman, Kenneth|not well prepared sometimes|will lose focus and make mistakes that someone else will undo and fix|
|Kehelella, Sanush|timeliness|may have to come in for extra lab time|
|Pathmanathan, Amanda|communication|tend to find my own work when i should be asking team|
|Sipani, Khyati|timeliness|may have to come in for extra lab time|

(4.) In the space below, identify approaches your group tried that worked well, and explain why they were effective.
We all have different strengths and weaknesses that actually panned out really well, so it makes our team very productive. We just make sure that everyone is working on what they want to this way all the work gets done properly. We also try to teach each other as much as possible. 
(5.) In the space below, identify approaches your group tried that did not work well, and explain why they were ineffective.
In the beginning, we split the team into random subteams and that made the working process bumpy. It caused the need to come into extra lab hours which was hard on our team since everyone is so busy outside of this class. 
(6.) What can you do to improve your own contributions to the group’s goals and processes in the final part of the semester?
For the final part of the semester, I will be team leader of my group so I will be prepping for that. I will try to make sure all loose ends of the robot are tied by the competition date. I have noticed that my team is avoiding the physical robot itself so I have taken it upon myself to make sure it is actually working and optimizing its design. 
(7.) Distribute points among the members of your team (not including you); a higher score means they have contributed more towards the team work. **The total points must sum to 1.**
*Example:
Alice: 0.25
Ben: 0.1
Charles: 0.25
Dave: 0.4*

### Scores:
Chen, JinJie:  .2
Dohmann, Adrian: .2 
Huaman, Kenneth:  .2
Kehelella, Sanush:  .2
Sipani, Khyati:  .2

